OSDOCS-RHDEVDOCS-4304: shared resource updates for validating admission webhooks (#56497)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ephemeral-storage-using-a-sharedconfigmap-object-in-a-pod.adoc

* You have created a `SharedConfigMap` CR instance for the config map that you want to share across namespaces in the cluster.
* You must have permission to perform the following actions:
** Discover which `SharedConfigMap` CR instances are available by entering the `oc get sharedconfigmaps` command and getting a non-empty list back.

> ** Determine if the service account your pod will specify is allowed to use the given `SharedSecret` CR instance. That is, you can run `oc adm policy who-can use <identifier of specific SharedSecret>` to see if the service account in your namespace is listed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Determine if the service account your pod specifies is allowed to use the given `SharedSecret` CR instance. That is, you can run `oc adm policy who-can use <identifier of specific SharedSecret>` to see if the service account in your namespace is listed.
```
